Add mutation to change the authenticated user's password (#4656)
mirumee/saleor: CHANGELOG.md

- Remove dashboard 2.0 files - #4631 by @dominik-zeglen
- Refactoring of password recovery system - #4617 by @fowczarek
- Added capability to filter attributes per global ID - #4640 by @NyanKiyoshi.

> - Add mutation for change authenticated user password - #4656 by @fowczarek

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add mutation to change the authenticated user's password - #4656 by @fowczarek
```
